README.md, before:

# RaidSIMP (**S**imple **I**nterface for **M**anagement **P**urposes)

Try it at https://raidsimp.com/.

## Contributions Welcome!

Have a look at the issues in the repository and submit a PR when you have something.

## Local Development

See the READMEs in the backend and frontend directories for more information.

## Deployment

1. Build the docker containers locally with the correct version tag:

```
cd backend/
docker build -t raidsimp-backend:<version>

cd frontend/
docker build -t raidsimp-frontend:<version>
```

2. Save the docker containers in a tarball:

```
docker save raidsimp-backend:<version> -o ../docker/raidsimp-backend.tar
docker save raidsimp-frontend:<version> -o ../docker/raidsimp-frontend.tar
```

3. Copy the tarballs to the server:

```
scp -i <path to ssh key> <your workspace>\wow-raid-manager\docker <user>@<server ip>:/dockerexp
```

4. On the server, import the tarballs as docker images:

```
docker load -i /dockerexp
```

5. Clone the github repo on the server and check out the release that you want to run.

6. `docker-compose up -d`

Commit message:

Amend release 0.2.5 (#29)
Whoops, forgot to bump the version numbers!

README.md, after:

# RaidSIMP (**S**imple **I**nterface for **M**anagement **P**urposes)

Try it at https://raidsimp.com/.

## Contributions Welcome!

Have a look at the issues in the repository and submit a PR when you have something.

## Local Development

See the READMEs in the backend and frontend directories for more information.

## Deployment

### Prepare Deployment

- Bump the version numbers in `backend/package.json` and `frontend/package.json`.
- Run `npm install` in both the backend and frontend directory.
- Bump the version numbers in `docker-compose.yml`.
- Create a release preparation commit on the develop branch.
- Create a pull request to merge develop into main.
  - Description should be a changelog of the release.
  - Copy description to merge message.
- Select "squash and merge" to close the pull request.
- Close any issues that were fixed by that release.

### Execute Deployment

1. Build the docker containers locally with the correct version tag:

```
cd backend/
docker build -t raidsimp-backend:<version>

cd frontend/
docker build -t raidsimp-frontend:<version>
```

2. Save the docker containers in a tarball:

```
docker save raidsimp-backend:<version> -o ../docker/raidsimp-backend.tar
docker save raidsimp-frontend:<version> -o ../docker/raidsimp-frontend.tar
```

3. Copy the tarballs to the server:

```
scp -i <path to ssh key> <your workspace>\wow-raid-manager\docker <user>@<server ip>:/dockerexp
```

4. On the server, import the tarballs as docker images:

```
docker load -i /dockerexp
```

5. Clone the github repo on the server and check out the release that you want to run.

6. `docker-compose up -d`
