todos.md, before:

# TODOs

# Frontend

- make each row of the data grid selectable, opening the details page of that raider
- Solve the key issue in the add raider dialog
- Make average ilvl colors dynamic (i.e. the people with the highest ilvl in the raid get the best colors, no matter whether the ilvl is actually good for the raid tier)
- On raid overview, move "add raider" button to the top right
- Make data grid's column width more flexible (don't hardcode width everywhere, use minWidth and flex instead)
- Add charts and other visualizations to raid team page (roles / classes / specs)
- Improve look of raid team list page
- Move "new team" button to the top right
- Set page title for each page
    - This can be done using [react-helmet](https://github.com/nfl/react-helmet). The `Helmet` component is used to render to the page header.

# Backend

- trying to delete vexeer -> internal server error, investigate
- Improve classes by having a constructor accept a `classOptions` object, which is an interface that contains all the class's properties (see https://github.com/blizzapi/blizzapi/blob/master/src/classes/BlizzAPI.ts for an example of what I mean)
- Implement the raider overview endpoint
    - Missing: enchants check
    - Unclear whether enchants will be processed on backend with a boolean for the frontend or full enchant information for the frontend which determines whether anything is missing
- Implement the raider details endpoint
- Unit tests
- E2E tests
- Figure out deployment / hosting (protect the API with basic auth if user awareness is still missing)
- Implement user awareness
- Add login via google and battle net
- Add endpoint for checking if a raid-team name is available

# Other Notes

## Raider Overview Model

- Character Portrait
- Character Name
- Character Realm
- Raider Role
- Character Class
- Character Spec
- Character Average Item Level
- Missing Enchants / Gems (Yes / No)
- Lockouts for latest raid tier
- Covenant
- Renown

## Raider Details Model

- Character equipment per slot
- Detailed enchants
- Vault contents & mythic+
- Covenant Traits
- Reputation (relevant ones for the tier)

Commit message:

Miscellaneous frontend improvements
- Set page titles via Helmet
- Edit some meta attributes in index.html
- Flexible column width for raid teams page

todos.md, after:

# TODOs

# Frontend

- make each row of the data grid selectable, opening the details page of that raider
- Solve the key issue in the add raider dialog
- Make average ilvl colors dynamic (i.e. the people with the highest ilvl in the raid get the best colors, no matter whether the ilvl is actually good for the raid tier)
- On raid overview, move "add raider" button to the top right
- Add charts and other visualizations to raid team page (roles / classes / specs)
    - Raiders by role (tank / healer / melee ranged)
    - Raiders by class: Table?
    - Raiders by armor type: Pie / Donut Chart
- Improve look of raid team list page
- Move "new team" button to the top right

# Backend

- Improve classes by having a constructor accept a `classOptions` object, which is an interface that contains all the class's properties (see https://github.com/blizzapi/blizzapi/blob/master/src/classes/BlizzAPI.ts for an example of what I mean)
- Implement the raider overview endpoint
    - Missing: enchants check
    - Unclear whether enchants will be processed on backend with a boolean for the frontend or full enchant information for the frontend which determines whether anything is missing
- Implement the raider details endpoint
- Unit tests
- E2E tests
- Figure out deployment / hosting (protect the API with basic auth if user awareness is still missing)
- Implement user awareness
- Add login via google and battle net
- Add endpoint for checking if a raid-team name is available

# Other Notes

## Raider Overview Model

- Character Portrait
- Character Name
- Character Realm
- Raider Role
- Character Class
- Character Spec
- Character Average Item Level
- Missing Enchants / Gems (Yes / No)
- Lockouts for latest raid tier
- Covenant
- Renown

## Raider Details Model

- Character equipment per slot
- Detailed enchants
- Vault contents & mythic+
- Covenant Traits
- Reputation (relevant ones for the tier)
